feat(ai-chat-log): add error states (#4086)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/ai-chat-log/index.mdx

## Composition Notes

Keep any generated responses from the AI contained in the `AIChatMessageBody` component. Each chat message should only have one `AIChatMessageBody` component.

### Error States

- Don’t accumulate error states in one screen, just display one error at a time, starting with the most critical one, until the user recovers.
- Check content guidelines for [error states](/patterns/error-state#recommended-phrasings-and-templates).
- Include another way for users to contact support if the error persists.

#### Message content error

**An error generating or regenerating a response**

- Use a Callout to show an inline error.

> - The Callout should replace the body message if no response was generated, or appear between the AI Chat Message Body and the AI Chat Message Action if the response is incomplete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Callout should replace the body message if no response was generated, or appear between the `AIChatMessageBody` and the `AIChat MessageActionGroup` if the response is incomplete.
```

    ThumbsUpIcon,
    RefreshIcon,
    AttachIcon,
    SendIcon,
    CopyIcon,
    Callout,
    CalloutHeading,
    CalloutText,
    ChatComposerContainer,
    ChatComposer,
    ChatComposerActionGroup,
    ClearEditorPlugin,
    SummaryDetail,
    SummaryDetailContent,
    SummaryDetailHeading,
    SummaryDetailHeadingContent,
    SummaryDetailToggleButton,
    HelpText,
    Text
  }}
  language="jsx"
  noInline
>
  {actionGroupError}
</LivePreview>

#### Sending errors

**An error sending a message**

- The error is placed in the Message Action Card
- Include an action to recover

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    AIChatLog,
    AIChatMessage,
    AIChatMessageAuthor,
    AIChatMessageBody,
    AIChatMessageActionCard,
    AIChatMessageActionGroup,
    Box,
    Button,
    ButtonGroup,
    ThumbsDownIcon,
    ThumbsUpIcon,
    RepeatIcon,
    AttachIcon,
    SendIcon,
    Callout,
    CalloutHeading,
    CalloutText,
    ChatComposerContainer,
    ChatComposer,
    ChatComposerActionGroup,
    ClearEditorPlugin,
    HelpText,
    Text
  }}
  language="jsx"
  noInline
>
  {sendingMessageError}
</LivePreview>

#### System errors

**Chat History Errors, Timeouts, Network errors...etc.**

> - An Alert will be placed above the chat composer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An Alert will be placed above the Chat Composer
```
